
Scenario
--------------

Congratulations! You and your team have just set up a new property listing portal and real estate agents are continually posting their listings on them!

The product team now thinks we have enough listings data and that it's a good idea to use them to create a 'house pricing prediction' feature. For a basic prototype of this prediction feature, the product team thinks that using listing data features such as "property type", "kabko location", "number of bedrooms", "number of bathrooms", "land size", "building size" of sold listings is a good idea to predict for "price".


The product team has asked you, the analytics engineer, to come up with a report to see if the data is suitable to be used for their project. They have also asked that your report should include:

	1. Statistical description of each features (e.g. "property type") of the data e.g. what is the mean, median, min, max or mode value for each column values? 

	2. Determine how clean the data is e.g. are there any duplicates or nulls in the data? are there any values that are weird for each column or feature? what percentage of the data cannot be used and can we impute them? etc.

	3. Determine how to clean the data into a usable form for the prediction project.
	


Instructions	
---------------

The listings data is located in the "data" folder and comes in 5 different formats: SQLite, Excel, Parquet, CSV and MySQL. Please choose only 1 format for the report. Depending on the format you prefer to work in, you can use SQL or a programming language (e.g. Python) or both to find answers for the report. 


There is no standard format for your report. However, the recipient of the report is technically competent. Your final report should be in the form of a PowerPoint or Google Slides presentation detailing the above. Please include any codes in a separate file or in the Appendix/Notes section of the Powerpoint or Google Slides.


Note:
 - If you decide to use MySQL format, you'll need to have your own MySQL Server in your computer (installing of MySQL Server is outside the scope of this test). You'll then have to import `listings.sql` into your MySQL database.



Data description
---------------

id: The unique identifier for the listing
_ptype: The property type of the unit in the listing
_ltype: The listing type (possible values: {'sale','rent'})
kabkoId: The kabupaten (kabko) location id of the unit in the listing.
bedRooms: The number of bedrooms of the unit in the listing
bathRooms: The number of bathRooms of the unit in the listing
landSize: The land size of the unit in the listing
buildingSize: The building size of the unit in the listing
garages: The number of garages of the unit in the listing
sold: indicates if the listing is sold or not (possible values: {'yes','no'})

